-------O[n], one loop , 2 loops in a row at worst scenareo if theres  only one neg ---------


suppose we have the following examples:

a) 2, 5, 7, 8
b) -2, 5, 7, 8, -4
c) 2, -2, 5, 7, 8, -4 ,-10
d) -1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6



a: we can just go thorough then array with a var called current, multiply current
   with num[i] and then at the end of each iteration we update the max count based    on max_count = max ( max_count, curr)

b: is the same since theres 2 negatives, we notice this pattern is the same for any   even number of negatives

c: now we notice that this is the same example as b upuntil we reach the last eleme   element, by then, it is negative again, 
   
   Now something to note, since, we reached a negative number again, its guranted t   that we have an odd number of negative, not only that that number is > 1 
   so its either 3, 5 , 7 ... negatives, why > 1 is important? we will know later

   given that, we are sure that the biggest product subarray must be one that has
   an even number of negatives , AND also cover the biggest number of elements   
   in general.

   given the above that subarray will always be starting from the start of the arry   up until the element     that turned it negative so from -2 up to -4 only or , the elemennts starting from the element right after   the first negative upntil the last element we reached so from 5-> -10, why so? because the subarray has 
   to be continious and ALSO with an even number of negatives, when we reach   a neg number after we have      been positive we know for sure we have an odd number of negatives


   so simply when we become negative after we been postive 
   max_count is max ( curr/ (the product of all elemenents up until fisrt negative), max_count)
                  ----- ' curr above is the product after we multi'ed -10 with it, so in order to get the                     new subarray from 5 to -10 we have to divide by first neg and all elements before it.
   so in order to do we need a variable that keeps track of the product before the first negative we meet
   then it stops counting.

   we also have to know when we meet out first negative number

   one problem with this appraoch is that it cant solve when theres only one negative
   since we keep on mutliplying on current and never rest its value

d: with this apprach current will keep on increasing in the negative direction and never be positive 
   this is the worst case scenareo inoder to solve this we keep a flag called onlyOne that tells us if there   exist only one negative, if thats the case, we loop through the array and only keep track of positve products.


zero:  if theres a zero its really simple, its simply means that this is wall between 2 subarrays, so reset all  your flags, beforeNeg and Neg variables and keep the algoritihim as its.


code vars:
neg is the fist neg we meet
beforeNeg is the product upuntil the first neg we meet.
lol : just a dumb flag to not have the code remove onlyOne right after its been set to 1 when we first meet Neg

onlyOne: flag to tell us if theres only one negative number, its 0 if we meet a new negative after Neg.



